README.md, before:

# mid-life crisis coders= Ivey,Joey,Q, and Shawn

Sample 'About us' description.

Who are we? 
We are an eager bunch of former
professionals that have made a bold 
career change to become web developers,
designers, a.k.a. CODERS! 

For one reason or another, at some point 
in the recent past, we all decided that our
lives needed revamping and set out to 
do something about it. 

Coding, or rather web development, is a 
rapidly growing industry chock full of 
opportunities for people of all ages. 
In essence we met as students enrolled in the WDI
(web development intensive) course at 
the New York Code + Design Academy (link to NYCDA),
and have joined forces to help others like ourselves
make the transition into this new and exciting career! 

Have a look around the site to check out the 
resources and tools that think are helpful and 
while you’re at it,join our Meetup(link to Meetup) group so you 
can be updated on all of the cool tips and finds
that are never-ending in the tech world. 

So welcome, and get acquainted with us(create links within page to jump
to bios/profiles of MLC). Feel free to
reach out from the Contact page(link to page) for more info 
regarding meetups and workshops!

Commit message:

Ivey made updates to the About Us copy

README.md, after:

# mid-life crisis coders= Ivey,Joey,Q, and Shawn

Sample 'About us' description.

Who are we?  
We are an eager bunch of former
professionals that have made a bold 
career change to become web developers,
designers, a.k.a. CODERS! 

For one reason or another, at some point 
in the recent past, we all decided that our
lives needed revamping and set out to 
do something about it. 

Coding, or rather web development, is a 
rapidly growing industry chock full of 
opportunities for people of all ages. 
In essence we met as students enrolled in the WDI
(web development intensive) course at 
the New York Code + Design Academy (link to NYCDA),
and have joined forces to help others like ourselves
make the transition into this new and exciting career! 

Have a look around the site to check out the 
resources and tools that think are helpful and 
while you’re at it,join our Meetup(link to Meetup) group so you 
can be updated on all of the cool tips and finds
that are never-ending in the tech world. 

So welcome, and get acquainted with us(create links within page to jump
to bios/profiles of MLC). Feel free to
reach out from the Contact page(link to page) for more info 
regarding meetups and workshops!

Ivey Edits

<h2>Who are we?</h2>
We are eager professionals from various backgrounds
who have made the <strong><strong>BOLD</strong></strong> //*NOTE: Actually bold term and put commands around it for decoration.//decisions to switch from our current careers and become web developers, designers, a.k.a. CODERS!

At some point, we all decided that our lives needed a change and set out to do something about it.

Enter web development. This rapidly growing industry is filled with opportunities for people of all ages. Many of us met at coding schools throughout the area and decided to join forces to support one another as we transitioned into this new, exciting career path!

Whether you are currently making a career shift or just thinking about taking the leap, have a look around the site to check out some helpful resources and tools. And while you're at it, join our Meetup goup to join us for support, discussion and fun. 

<h2>Meet the Group Founders</h2>
'
