{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Hey! I'm a mid-life crisis coder hailing originally from St.Louis Mo\
and have been a permanent fixture in Atlanta since late 2012.\
I'm a former professional barber and DJ, and had been self employed for 20 years dating back to 1993\
before moving to GA. I made a 180 degree turn and took both day and night jobs over the last few years\
as I was yet and still unfulfilled in my former occupations. While providing DJ services in the mid-2000's I picked an "HTML for Dummies" book to learn how to design my own website and thus my passion for code was reignited after remembering that I loved programming as far back as 1982. In the last few months I started researching coding tools online and after doing so decided I needed full school training if I was going to enter into an IT career as a web developer. I searched for coding schools in Atlanta and to my surprise I found NYCDA and enrolled in their Web Development Intensive boot camp,which is where found the other coders from this group as well. I figured that there are probably plenty more people that have similar stories and could use a support group so with that we created the Mid Life Crisis Coders group. I\'92m open to any questions that you have so feel free to contact us and we\'92ll be sure to get back with you as soon as humanly possible. I look forward to meeting you at one of our events!\'a0\
}